Change saving to not use numbers.

Change jsons to use single sheet.

Look over the "Transform" command and stuff. Transformed objects still retain their responsescripts/doesn't gain new ones. Also doesn't get shortname.

Alternate constructor for GenericItem et al that takes json obj.

If character attribute is "mineralvore" and object is "mineral", you can eat it.

Exits that can connect a large number of places. Does this work? Could make a town-encompassing connection.

Debug command: getattributes (getattributes cape = lists attributes)

    //      Add "spells" as an new class, make list. Can use "cast" command. Trixie may know some spells, and learn others.



    //Remember: GameFlags is a hashmap, get values through GameFlags.get("keyword");


    //It's possible to have creatures move around based on time parameters! Just have the location dependent on a time parameter; when asking for someone's location, just provide the time
    //and return a certain location matching that one! Could use a hashmap with time marks as keys!

    //Note: It is permissible to have secondary inputs. If a command needs more info, you can prompt for more lines. Good idea!

    //Definitely make a unique ID system.

    //Todo: Make function that checks attributes for inconsistencies and contradictions - i.e. "open" and "closed". Could be done with simple rules.

    //Oh yeah! Can probably put in limitations on what you can put into containers based on size, using Attributes! If it has "huge container" it can house
    "huge" items, or have a number, or something...

//    Build in an internal clock! Every turn advances one minute. Use to track how creatures react to things at certain times.
Also, have a "schedule" that makes creatures move to other locations at relevant times (i.e. at 3:00 Rarity and Spike go spelunking for jewels.)
//
//    Somehow make dialog dependent on location?

//
//    "Think about" command.
//
//    Add a tutorial - basically a multi-page guide to how to use commands. Can be displayed with "tutorial" or something.
//
//    Magic interface! Basically a command that leads to a continued loop (until you break it) where you can do in-depth magic commands. Possibly set up a magicParser() method.

//  Have text-content stored somewhere else. Load it with some function.
//
//    Train station! The train is a Stationary, use or "board" it will check if you have a ticket, then take you to that place. Better: boarding will list which tickets you have, and you have to choose destination! Then go there! Yeah, that's cool. (Train/ticket pony: "All Aboard").
//
//    "Discard" command. ASK IF PLAYER WANTS TO DO IT. Yeah, hardcore oldschool.
//


//  Set ResponseScript so it stores an arraylist of strings with each key - that way, we can have multiple scripts with each key!

//  TODO: Convert to ID for choosing where to go with "go to"! Probably a good idea to do so for all things.

    //May just want to have one class that handles spells. String list of available spells that dictate which you can actually cast.


    //Subclasses of StationaryObject: Vehicle, Producer. Vehicles can be used to travel. Producers can be used to produce an endless supply of things. (I.e. apple trees)

//  RunRespnseScript now returns boolean! So you can check that anything happened.

//  Command activate: Since that seems to vary from thing to thing, just have it connected to a responsescript.


Figure out some way to have overriding descriptions and additive descriptions.

"Tablet of Transmigration".

Figure out how to "cast" from items in your inventory. List of legit nouns needs to be updated accordingly.

//Set up nullchecks in jsonbuilder!

//Make a script that lets you move all followers. And one that lets you change their races.

    //May need "DefaultRace" and "DefaultLocation" and similar, if the game needs to restore things to normal. I.e. if a follower moves back through the mirror.

    //Spell: "Summon friends".
    //Creatures could have a "friend list" tracking which ones are their true friends. Because FiM.

    //Fill command: "fill bucket with apples".







    You could also have certain lines change their initDialog ref, so when you come back they talk differently. Like if you insulted them, they'll be mad.


Bring back "short name". Use for places where we need an abbreviated name. I'm tired of "You drop the Trixie's cape"...


    Figure out a way to prevent wearing multiple identicals (i.e. capes, for instance). Wearing a cape could give you the attribute "wears cape",
    but it needs to check what kind of item it is, so... tricky. Should work fairly flexibly, with a try.


    TODO: Add "type" to GenericObject. Like "cape", "food", "book", etc. Can be used for more strict typing.
    Like, you can't wear another cape if you're already wearing a cape. May be complicated, but interesting.


Idea: Trixie's wagon should be a StationaryObject, but you could enter it to get to an "inside" location. And you should be able to move it to another location
by hitching it up. Specify where you want to move it, and it goes. But moving the wagon would require changing how the exit is bounded.

Change how runResponseScripts() is built - have it take more than just one argument. Utilize varargs to make everything after the first one into an array of arguments.

If you pick "hitch wagon", you get to specify a destination. (Have it check if it's outside or not - use Arguments for now, maybe use something else later)
Change the exit to the new ones.

Add "showFlags" to Gen.: Notices that are supposed to suffix objects when looked at, i.e. "Bucket (full), cape (worn)"

MAKE ATTRIBUTE CHECKS CASE INSENSITIVE!

See if we can build a method that tries to "find a path" using exit binders...

Alt. idea for moving around - "travel" command, but can only travel to location that is reachable. Figure out algorithm for checking this.
Easiest would be to set up two lists: searchable and searched. Add current location to the searchable list. Then "search":
check adjacent locations if any is the target. If not, add them all to searchable as long as they're not on searched. Remove current from
searchable and add it to searched. Then check topmost searchable. Repeat until target is found or list is empty.


Merchant stuff:
Added to JsonBuilder so if a Creature has a "Merchandise" array, it builds it into a Merchant object.

The merchandise string could be something löike this: "name:id:price". "Red apple:Item_Food_Apple:25"

Next: Needs a method to actually buy from a merchant. Both with a menu and with direct call.

Idea: Add "MazeLocation" (extends Location) for places like caves and deep forests, where you can only go "north, west, southwest" etc. Has its own navsystem.

Hypnotize command. Requires hypnotizing item.

Have book of hypnotism somewhere you need to find, with legit phrases. Some creatures are hypno-proof.


Once we have a time function in the works, we could have timed scripts running in the background.
For instance, let's say we plant a seed. It starts the script "advanceseed:seedId:500", and a timedScript object is created. When time advances, timedScripts
tick down. Once it reaches zero, something happens!
Have timescripts attached to time object, not individual objects. Less processor drain.

Equippable enchants!
Have a "settings" object that reads in the properties and can provide the paths
Turn attributes list into map; allows adding string messages to use. For insance, Phyllis the plant may have the attribute "untakable": "Starlight won't let you."
Have some way to rename objects under certain circumstances. For instance, casting "detect poison" on a group of apples would rename it apple (poisoned).
Make world, parser singleton.
Flytta objekttolkning till parser istället för att låta World göra det (eller skapa annat objekt som gör det)
Timekeeper object, Advance method.
Add isWearing method to Creature class.

"producer" StaObj needs to be filled with materials to use. Or check your inventory. (Make sure you can't craft with items that contain other items!)
has "recipes"

TODO!
Develop runnable method to build the DefaultWorld files more efficiently - from templates and a caselist where everything is supposed to be,
so you don't have to get all up editing every file detail over and over. Would be much neater to just have one place dictating "place 5 Item_Apple
and one Item_plow at Location_Acres" and have the different method retrieving everything from templates.

Idea: See if we can have every template as a separate file, and just try to run the check on the folder. Then you can just add a new file if
you want a new template.

Copy things to the templates. Everything needs to be represented.

School of frienship
-Rainbow's classroom: awesome loyalty
-Rarity's: Fashionable generosity
-Pinkie's: Baking laughter
etc.

Want to load both from a json with everything specified (save files)
and from a simplified list with templates

Does Rarity have the cave entrance in her basement?
Something something hide a door/entrance with something. Can you "create" an exit?

Things can have the attribute "hidden"! Hidden things aren't shown when looked at.
Alt. hidden is variable on GenObj.

When loading exits from json: Takes an array and creates two-point exits between all involved. That way, we can just write them as a bundle.

I can make different main methods in other class files if I want to do things!

Alternatively: instead of having dedicated classes (merchant), have an array of optional "role modules" that offer special servics
Have methods like "assign module", "populate module", something. May need a ModCore object, just to keep things compartmentalized.
MerchantMod, HostileMod, VehicleMod, ProtagonistMod

Mods may allow me to migrate functionality from the command class to the mods! For instance, if an object has
the EdibleMod, it implicitly means it's edible (no need for attributes) and it can handle all the nitty-gritty about eating.
No call for externalizing it, or the response messages needed. (Can even move the responseScript there.)
EnterMod? Can attach to locations and objects...

Change the save function to get rid of the number counter, and just use filenames to track saves or something.

Add the spells from 'Boast Busters' and Duel

Exiting an object will lead to its location

Revert to before we had cores. Instead of taking a number of variables, just accept a map of variables.?

Needs checker 'hasItem' and 'hasItemAttribute'. For hypnosis spell, for instance - check that Trixie is carrying "hypno-item"